How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?

> diff immediately showed all sections where the two files differed and on close inspection, 
the typo was revealed. So it helped in revealing the bug.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

> If I break the source code inadvertently, having access to entire file history would be help to restore the 
file immediately and save time. Also, it would help to compare the different versions.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, 
vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

> Manually choosing to commit gives the developer more control on what it's saved and whether overall code base 
will be in compilable state. Automatic commits are suitable non-code artifacts like documents and spreadsheets.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, 
like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

> Git is usually used to stored source code which are usually spread across mutliple scripts and artifacts. Some
of the feature change might involve changes to multiple files and it makes sense to save multiple files in those
scenarios. Whereas Google Docs deals with independent documents and so it tracks them seperately.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

> git log gives a list of all changes and their commit id. git diff can be used to find the difference 
between two different repository snapshots using their commit IDs.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

> Since version control ensures all the previous version are readily available to be reverted at point
in time, it makes code confidently.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

> I want to use Git for all my personal projects and also want to make use of GitHub so that my files
stay in the cloud and I always have access to them.

